I was a ghost
I was alone, ha
어두워진 Ha
앞길 속에
Given the throne
I didn't know
How to believe
I was the queen that I'm meant to be
I lived two lives
Tried to play both sides
But I couldn't find my own place
Called a problem child
'Cause I got too wild
But now that's how I'm getting paid
끝없이 On stage
I'm done hiding, now I'm shining like I'm born to be
We dreamin' hard, we came so far, now I believe
We're goin' up, up, up
It's our moment
You know together we're glowing
Gonna be, gonna be golden
Oh, up, up, up
With our voices
영원히 깨질 수 없는
Gonna be, gonna be golden
Oh, I'm done hiding, now I'm shining like I'm born to be
Oh, our time, no fears, no lies, that's who we're born to be
Waited so long to break these walls down
To wake up and feel like me
Put these patterns all in the past now
And finally live like the girl they all see
No more hiding, I'll be shining like I'm born to be
'Cause we are hunters, voices strong, and I know I believe
We're goin' up, up, up
It's our moment
You know together we're glowing
Gonna be, gonna be golden
Oh, up, up, up
With our voices
영원히 깨질 수 없는
Gonna be, gonna be golden
Oh, I'm done hiding, now I'm shining like I'm born to be
Oh, our time, no fears, no lies, that's who we're born to be
You know we're
Gonna be, gonna be golden
We're gonna be, gonna be
Born to be, born to be glowin'
밝게 빛나는 우리
You know that it's our time, no fears, no lies, that's who we're born to be